# New document
  
On this page, you can create a new document.
    
Options:
   
- **Document type** - choose the [type](../../../alvao-asset-management/documents) of the document.
- **Document name** - in case you use the *Document number* field as a unique document identifier, you may skip this field or enter descriptive information to easily identify the document in listings. If you don't use the *Document number* field, this field is mandatory, and entering a unique document name is recommended.
- **Document number** - if the number is not generated by a [sequence](../../alvao-asset-management-console/tools/lists/numeric-sequences) nor the *Document name* is not used to uniquely identify documents, enter a unique document identifier in this field.
- **Attachments** - (optional) add a file or link attachments to the document.
- **Objects** - (optional) link the document to specific objects.
- **Licenses** - (optional) link the document to specific software licenses.
- **External document number** - (optional) enter the original number of the document issued by your vendor, partner, etc.
- **Issue date** - (optional) enter the issue date of the document.
- **Vendor** (optional) - type in at least part of the vendor name and then select the vendor from the drop-down list. This field is available only for the document type *Invoice*.
- **Document folder** - select the [document folder](../administration/asset-management/document-folders) from the list.
- **Notes** - (optional) enter additional information about the document.
