# Print
    
In this form, select the template of the print report you want to print and fill in additional information in the case of handover protocols.
    
Options:
   
- **Select a print report template**- type at least part of the name of the print report template you want to use, then select the template you are looking for in the drop-down menu.
    - **...** - or select the template in the table.

> [!NOTE]
> [Print Report Templates](../../../../list-of-windows/alvao-webapp/administration/asset-management/print-report-templates).
- **Generate New Document** - enable if you want to save the created internal PDF handover protocol to the [documents repository](../../../../alvao-asset-management/documents)as a new document.
    - **Document Folder** - select the [folder](../../../../alvao-asset-management/documents),
  folder where you want to save the document you created. This option is only available if you have permissions to multiple ../../../../alvao-webapp/administration/asset-management/document-folders document folders.
- **Document Number** - Enter the document identification number. This entry is only available for [transfer protocols](../../../../alvao-asset-management/documents/transfer-protocols),
  whose number is not automatically generated by a number series.
- **Sign method** - select the method of signing the internal handover protocol from the menu. The option is part of the module [ALVAO Electronic Handover Forms](../../../../modules/alvao-electronic-handover-forms).
- **Transfer Date** - enter the date the assets were actually transferred.
- **Issue date** - enter the date of issue of the handover protocol.
- **Text** - if applicable, enter the accompanying text that will appear on the handover protocol.
- **Person handing over**- fill in the details of the person or organisation submitting the report.
    - **Internal Transfer Protocol** - display the details of the person who was responsible for the asset being moved before it was last moved (see the [Asset Responsible](../../../../alvao-asset-management/implementation/tree-design) property).
  If such a person cannot be traced, your details are filled in here. The **edit**command opens a window in which you can select another person:
        - **First and last name** - enter at least part of the first or last name and then select the person you are looking for from the drop-down menu.   This will automatically populate the values of the *Personal Number* and *Location* properties of the corresponding object of type *User* in the following entries.
        - **Personal Number**
        - **Location**
    - **Transfer Protocol External** - displays the address of the organization where the object was before it was last moved.  The **edit**command opens a window in which you can change the address:
        - **Organization** - enter at least part of the organization name and then select the organization you are looking for from the drop-down menu.   The value of the *Address* property of the object type *Organization* will be automatically filled in the following field.
        - **Address** - if you want to manually edit the address, first clear the contents of the *Organization* field above.
- **Recipient**- fill in the details of the person or organisation taking over.
    - **Internal Transfer Protocol** - display the details of the person who is currently responsible for the object being moved (see the property [Responsible for the asset](../../../../alvao-asset-management/implementation/tree-design)).
  If such a person cannot be traced, your details are filled in here. You can select a different person with the **edit** command, see *Seller*.
    - **Transfer Protocol External** - displays the address of the organization where the object being moved is currently located. You can use the **edit** command to change the address, see *Submitter*.
